Okay, not embarrassing enough.
If you have any questions, I will answer them myself.
son
Don't do this
You let me go
Hello, have you pretended enough?
Everyone is being bullied by me, right?
I'm sorry for making you feel wronged.
aggrieved
Can you say it from your tall Song?
Please give me some more time.
I always feel like someone is in control
But don't worry.
I'll figure it out.
I don't want to be involved in all this anymore
Maybe Xue Lai is right
I should cut ties with you
Disappear in front of you
What are you talking about?
To disappear is for them to disappear
You didn't do anything wrong.
shut up
The child gave birth to everything
Save me these thoughts as soon as possible
Let's go
little girl
What are you doing?
You can live here from today on
You don't need to go to the hotel Xu Jingchuan booked with you anymore.
Why should I listen to you?
Just from now on
You are mine